# Algae environment files
This folder contains data related to the algae environment and its generation.

## Environment descriptions
- `algae_env_small.scn`: This is the active environment used to simulate the test algae farm outside Kristineberg and should be used with the `algae_world_small.yaml` config file found at `smarc_stonefish_sims/smarc_stonefish_worlds/config/` folder. Note that this environment file is written by hand and NOT generated using the scripts in the `scripts` folder. All wavefront(.obj) files needed for this environment is found in the `components` folder. In this environment, each row of algae is modelled as a separate .obj file.
- `algae_env.scn`: This is a larger environment file simulating an algae farm with 2 ropes of algae. The dimension dimension of the simulated farm is ~ $100 \times 4$ meters. This environment was generated using the scripts in the `scripts` folder with all parameters set to default. The wavefront(.obj) files needed for this environment is found in the `components` folder and the `algea_cube` folder. In this environment (as well as any environment generated using the scripts), each algae is a separate .obj file, i.e. the number of collision objects is huge...
- `rope.scn`: A large environment file generated using the scripts with default parameters + `add_algae=False`. This is approximately `algae_env.scn` without the algae.
- `template.scn`: A template environment file with only a flat seafloor as well as material and look descriptions.

## Folder descriptions
- `algae_cube`: A list of individual algae and collision wavefront(.obj) used by `algae_env.scn`. Any algae environment generated by the scripts in the `scripts` folder will also use obj from this folder.
- `components`: A list of other wavefront(.obj) used by `algae_env_small.scn` and `algae_env.scn`. Any algae environment generated by the scripts in the `scripts` folder will also use obj from this folder.
- `images`: Contains screenshots of `algae_env_small.scn`.
- `scripts`: Used to generate `algae_env.scn` and `rope.scn`. Can be used to generate large algae environments, though the generated environment will contain large amount of collision objects, since each algae is modelled separately. See `scripts/parser.py` for possible arguments.
- `textures`: Contains images used to generate the look of algae in `algae_env_small.scn` and `algae_env.scn`. Any algae environment generated by the scripts in the `scripts` folder will also use the these images to modify the look of algae.
